README.md, before:

# \[inactive\] /r/Place 2022 collaborative minimap userscript
## Help [/r/MyLittlePony](https://reddit.com/r/mylittlepony) get a pony on /r/place!
## Help [/r/ainbowroad](https://reddit.com/r/ainbowroad) build a rainbow road on /r/place!
## Do you speak Spanish? [Read this instead.](README.es.md)

![example of the /r/mylittlepony overlay](https://i.imgur.com/gseABgb.png)

![example of the /r/Spain overlay](es-img/visor.png)

Thank you all for coming this year, it was a good time.
For all who contributed here, thank you for rebasing, not merging.
We all have monorepo experience now! :p

## Instructions

* Use a Chromium based browser (Google Chrome, Edge, Opera, Yandex.Browser)
  * Android folks can use Kiwi Browser + Tampermonkey.
* Install "Tampermonkey" extension (https://www.tampermonkey.net/)
* Firefox isn't working for now. 
* Open the following page in your browser: <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/r-ainbowroad/2022-minimap/d/main/minimap.user.js>
  * This will invite you to install the userscript.
* Click on the canvas to get it to load.
* Cycle to your template, if necessary, by clicking on the "Template: ..." setting.

## Updating the template

* The latest template is automatically fetched every minute.
* Refresh the page to fetch the latest script
* To get the template changed:
  * For /r/MyLittlePony: ping `@Midnight Ponywka#4625` or `@Bigcheese#3910`
  * For /r/ainbowroad: in `#minimap`, ping `@bb010g#5294`

## Joining the minimap

If your subreddit wants to join the collaborative minimap, have whoever's going to be updating templates join <https://manechat.net> and, in `#rplace`'s "Tool Creation" thread, ping `@bb010g#5294` or `@Bigcheese#3910` with information.
Please ask whoever's managing the minimap for your subreddit for changes to the minimap or template, to avoid disrupting Manechat.

---

# Spanish translation

## Userscript para colaborar en /r/Place

## Instrucciones

* Abre un navegador basado en Chromium (Google Chrome, Edge, Opera, Yandex.Browser)
  * En Android se puede usar Kiwi Browser + Tampermonkey.
* Instalar la extensión "Tampermonkey" (https://www.tampermonkey.net/)
* En Firefox hay que usar https://addons.mozilla.org/es/firefox/addon/violentmonkey/ (ViolentMonkey).
* Abre la siguiente página en el navegador: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/r-ainbowroad/2022-minimap/d/main/minimap.user.js
  * Haz click en instalar.
* Haz click en el canvas de r/place para que carge.
* Puedes cambiar entre las plantillas haciendo click en "Template: ...".

Actualizaciones

* Cada minuto se descarga la plantilla más reciente automaticamente.
* Para actualizar el script refresca la página
* Para actualizar la plantilla habla con cualquier moderador del discord de r/spain

Commit message:

add license (`Apache-2.0 OR ISC`)

README.md, after:

# \[inactive\] /r/Place 2022 collaborative minimap userscript
## Help [/r/MyLittlePony](https://reddit.com/r/mylittlepony) get a pony on /r/place!
## Help [/r/ainbowroad](https://reddit.com/r/ainbowroad) build a rainbow road on /r/place!
## Do you speak Spanish? [Read this instead.](README.es.md)

![example of the /r/mylittlepony overlay](https://i.imgur.com/gseABgb.png)

![example of the /r/Spain overlay](es-img/visor.png)

Thank you all for coming this year, it was a good time.
For all who contributed here, thank you for rebasing, not merging.
We all have monorepo experience now! :p

## Instructions

* Use a Chromium based browser (Google Chrome, Edge, Opera, Yandex.Browser)
  * Android folks can use Kiwi Browser + Tampermonkey.
* Install "Tampermonkey" extension (https://www.tampermonkey.net/)
* Firefox isn't working for now. 
* Open the following page in your browser: <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/r-ainbowroad/2022-minimap/d/main/minimap.user.js>
  * This will invite you to install the userscript.
* Click on the canvas to get it to load.
* Cycle to your template, if necessary, by clicking on the "Template: ..." setting.

## Updating the template

* The latest template is automatically fetched every minute.
* Refresh the page to fetch the latest script
* To get the template changed:
  * For /r/MyLittlePony: ping `@Midnight Ponywka#4625` or `@Bigcheese#3910`
  * For /r/ainbowroad: in `#minimap`, ping `@bb010g#5294`

## Joining the minimap

If your subreddit wants to join the collaborative minimap, have whoever's going to be updating templates join <https://manechat.net> and, in `#rplace`'s "Tool Creation" thread, ping `@bb010g#5294` or `@Bigcheese#3910` with information.
Please ask whoever's managing the minimap for your subreddit for changes to the minimap or template, to avoid disrupting Manechat.

## Licensing

The code in this repository is dual licensed under the Apache License 2.0 and the ISC license (SPDX license expression: `Apache-2.0 OR ISC`).

---

# Spanish translation

## Userscript para colaborar en /r/Place

## Instrucciones

* Abre un navegador basado en Chromium (Google Chrome, Edge, Opera, Yandex.Browser)
  * En Android se puede usar Kiwi Browser + Tampermonkey.
* Instalar la extensión "Tampermonkey" (https://www.tampermonkey.net/)
* En Firefox hay que usar https://addons.mozilla.org/es/firefox/addon/violentmonkey/ (ViolentMonkey).
* Abre la siguiente página en el navegador: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/r-ainbowroad/2022-minimap/d/main/minimap.user.js
  * Haz click en instalar.
* Haz click en el canvas de r/place para que carge.
* Puedes cambiar entre las plantillas haciendo click en "Template: ...".

Actualizaciones

* Cada minuto se descarga la plantilla más reciente automaticamente.
* Para actualizar el script refresca la página
* Para actualizar la plantilla habla con cualquier moderador del discord de r/spain
